# SQL: The sequel

Things are feeling much more solidified after today. As much as it hurt my brain to have several hours of lecture today it was the most valuable day I've had in 301 to date. It's ironic; last night I was saying over dinner that I felt like I got much more depth of understanding in 201 because we were given tasks but no instructions on how to do things. You really had to think through what the process was, what were the necessary steps, and add things later when you realized what you thought was one step was actually three. In 301 I've felt like labs have a lot more hand-holding, since you are given large hints directly in the code where the new code should go.

I'm really glad that we built a project from the ground up today, because it gave me a chance to ask questions I otherwise would have sidelined and to hear questions from others that I might not have thought of. It also revealed where my understanding was lacking because I would think I knew the next step and then get it wrong; it was great to have those gaps of knowledge pointed out. While my brain needed a rest by 5:45, by dinner I was excited to talk about what I learned at Code Fellows today, and felt good about how much I could explain. It happened almost every night during 201 but this is the first time that's happened in this course and I'm glad to have gotten it back.

On to the actual new material from today: SQL joins. I'm feeling good about those since I've already done some work through Khan Academy (which was very helpful) as well as the tutorial Nick sent out. We'll see how I do tomorrow adding the SQL statements into the mix of front end, back end, database work but I think I'll be able to write the statements alright; I just need to keep the rest of the material straight.
