# Last Day of 301

Today I learned that bugs are going to come up at the worst time. While presenting our final project app we discovered a bug that had never come up before where only one of the cars was rendered on the static map image that shows up on the notes page. Thankfully the image in the email looked accurate, but it was still a surprise to discover a bug THEN after all of the testing that morning and on the previous days.

I also learned that people were not kidding when they said that at the end of this course you would feel really close to the other students. Walking through the fire that was 301 together brought me closer to these people than I would have expected in a few weeks, and was particularly true in project week. I'm sad not to be continuing onto 401 with the same group, and especially that I won't have Nick as my 401 instructor because he has been an absolutely incredible teacher. He's got the right balance of taking things seriously and laughing at mistakes- his own and ours (with us), if you ask him for help he treats you with respect like you're a fellow dev which makes you *feel* like a dev already, and most importantly it is obvious how much he cares about each person's success. I feel really lucky to have gotten the exact cohort that I did and I'm very grateful to have had this experience. Now I just have to prepare myself for all the change that will be 401. And try as hard as I can to sustain the relationships from 301 while they're going through Python.
