# Day 5- End of week one, start of frustration

It finally happened; I got very frustrated during lab today and was questioning whether I can really do this or not. First I had a very hard time getting my repository set up. It took over an hour for me to get it set up, and that was after asking Nick and Jake for help a few times. Thankfully Jake figured out what was going on and I could get going but I felt upset that I did so poorly working with a tool I thought I understood pretty well. I'm going to spend more time this weekend studying what I did and learning more about GitHub.

Once I started the lab assignment I felt pretty good for the first two questions. Then I got to the third one and got really confused about how to meet the specifications of the assignment. I figured out a work around but I'm not entirely happy with it because it's just a patch and not a solution (it only works when there are two arguments, but that meets spec). Again, I only finished that problem after asking for help and walking through the code with someone; thankfully they reminded me that since I was using a function that returned an array I needed to access an element at a particular index, not return the whole array. On the fourth question I got really stuck. I thought I had a good solution but it wasn't working, even though the logic seemed to check out based on console logs. Jim to the rescue! He had me leave the code, talk everything through as I wrote it on a whiteboard, and then helped me find a much simpler solution with such cleaner code! I felt dumb after that but then I used that work to solve problem five pretty quickly and felt great! I just need to keep telling myself that even if I can't do everything I think I should be able to <i>now</i>, I just need more practice and experience. Doing a few online tutorials is not the same as having to work through code so I'll try to be easier on myself in the future.
